# AzureDevops Provider

## What's available in Version 2.0 of the AzureDevops Provider?

Below is an overview of the changes coming 2.0. Each topic is covered in more detail further down.

* [Removed Resources](#removed-resources)
* [Removed Data Sources](#removed-data-sources)
* [Breaking Changes in Resources](#breaking-changes-in-resources)
* [Breaking Changes in Data Sources](#breaking-changes-in-data-sources)

## Removed Resources

### `azuredevops_project_features`

This is removed in favor of the `features` attribute of the `azuredevops_group` resource.

## Removed Data Sources

## Breaking Changes in Resources

### `azuredevops_group`

The `members` is no longer simply Optional+Computed, but defaults to `[]`, which means users who use standalone `azuredevops_group_membership` to manage the members will need to add an `ignore_changes` directive to ignore the `members` field explicitly in the `azuredevops_group` resource.

### `azuredevops_group_membership`

This now maps to a single membership instead of a set of memberships.

Users who used to use this resource to manage more than one memberships are recommended to use the `members` attribute of `azuredevops_group` instead.

### `azuredevops_project`

- Default value of `work_item_template` is changed from `Agile` to the organization's default template.
- The type of `features` is changed to be a single nested attribute instead of a `map`.
- `version_control` is now case sensitive, the possible values are capitalized to be consistent as the service behavior.

## Breaking Changes in Data Sources

### `azuredevops_project`

The type of `features` is changed to be a single nested attribute instead of a `map`.
